Edits and new content for General, Python, and SQL (#808)
Codecademy/docs: content/python/concepts/modules/modules.md

  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

A **module** is a Python file that contains functions, definitions, and statements that can be included in an application. Technically, all `.py` files are modules.

Think of a module as a code library that can be reused across applications. Modules improve code reusablity and allow us to access shared libraries and packages.

> Instead of entering commands directly into a Python interpreter, code can be saved as a module for later use in other applications. Modules can also be used to access libraries such as `numpy`, `sklearn`, and the `date-time` built-in module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead of entering commands directly into a Python interpreter, code can be saved as a module for later use in other applications. Third-party libraries such as `numpy`, `sklearn`, and the `date-time` built-in library are all examples of modules.
```

> Instead of entering commands directly into a Python interpreter, code can be saved as a module for later use in other applications. Third-party libraries such as `numpy`, `sklearn`, and the `date-time` built-in library are all examples of modules.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Instead of entering commands directly into a Python interpreter, code can be saved as a module for later use in other applications. Third-party libraries such as [`numpy`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/numpy), `sklearn`, and the `date-time` built-in library are all examples of modules.
```
